Okay, so before we move into the next section, which will be where I teach you
how to create
creatives, this section is going to go over a topic called creative fatigue,
which is
very important for you to learn.
I explained how to set up the campaign, how to test out your ads, see what's
working,
and then move it to winners.
Now once it's in winners, you can't just assume it's going to work forever,
because
it won't.
Every ad has a lifespan, and every ad will eventually be exhausted and have
something
called creative fatigue.
This is when it becomes unprofitable.
If you try to spend more, if you try to scale it more, whatever the case, it
was super, it
was profitable for a while days, weeks, sometimes even months, and then it
slowly becomes less
and less profitable, it does just not profitable anymore.
This happens with all ads over enough, long enough time period.
No creative is good enough to last indefinitely.
And so what you're going to want to do is watch out for this.
In the winners ad set, if an ad is unprofitable for like one or two days, leave
it.
It's nothing to panic about.
There are going to be fluctuations in the depending on seasonality and all
these different
things, just a day to day basis, you can't look at.
But if an ad is unprofitable for an entire week, an entire week, then it's time
to remove
it from the winners ad set completely.
Generally, they say you only want to turn ads on and off by clicking this
toggle.
They say you don't want to actually delete because I can mess up the algorithm.
So that's what I would recommend doing if you get to the point where, because
you could
only have 50 ads, if you get to the point where you've turned them off and you
've filled
up all 50 spaces, which will take you a while to do.
But once you've done that, then it's worth, you could create a second winners
ad set here.
You could create four ad sets in a campaign.
You could create a second winners, third winners, and if you exhaust all of
those, you could
create another campaign.
But by that point, you'll probably want to hire someone who's a lot better than
you to
run it, or you'll have learned a lot more on your own.
Let's get into creatives in the next topic.
[BLANK_AUDIO]